From Hollywood, California at Meltdown Comics, the Nerdist leader Harmontown is now in session.
Spencer Crittenden, everybody. Spencer!
And the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon!
Thank you. Thank you very much.
What's up, Dan? I thought I had a new note-taking method, but I don't know if it's working very well.
Thanks for coming.
Those of you that did, is it a Mother's Day? We got some late ticket sales, Mother's Day Game of Thrones, maybe?
It's not funny, you guys.
Did you call your mom today?
I threw her a text.
What was your text?
I just texted her a bunch of Game of Thrones spoilers. She's the season behind, so...
And she's like, what are you doing? You're ruining everything.
And I said, I didn't ask to be born!
And then I hung up, even though it was text.
What do you think?
Are you Ironborn?
I am Ironborn. Thank you for asking.
Man, that Game of Thrones, huh? That's a tough game.
I can't tell who's winning, who's losing. It's hard to keep track.
I think you either win or you die. I don't even think you can lose.
I like...
The guy, now that...
What's her name? Circe, who has...
Who's the big fucker that just now heard like her champion?
The mountain.
And he's like a crazy zombie mountain guy, and he's just smashing dudes.
It's the best...
As promised, yeah. I mean, I kept thinking, are they really going there with that?
And yeah, I guess that's what he's going to do.
I told you backstage last week that you asked about Jon Snow.
I said he's going to get smoke-pussied.
And smoke-pussied is fucking... Yeah, she did it.
It was a little more artisanal than that, but...
I don't think that's a spoiler, because even people who...
She got smoke-pussied. He got smoke-pussied.
But he's been... Kit Harrington's been on the key art and all that stuff, so...
How was your week, Dan? What did you do? I haven't talked to you in a while.
You know, I've been just... I've been working, man. It's unremarkable.
This gives me a terrible show, by the way. Terrible show.
All you do is work now. You work, work, work, work.
That's why it's going to be terrible. And when I'm not working, I've acquired this horrible habit.
I'm headlong into a horrible, debilitating addiction to incremental tap games.
Now I know what they're called. That was the first step.
Somebody said, oh, incremental tappers. And I was like, incremental tappers?
That's these games that I've just descended.
Now I just have five games. I switch back and forth between them on my iPad.
It was just like, you just tap a cookie, and then you make nine cookies,
and then you can get a super cookie, and then you just keep tapping the super cookie
or whatever, you just build a bakery, and then it's just like...
And then if you hit a plateau, it's like, oh, it looks like it's going to take an hour to build
to like super, super chocolate chip level, and then you switch over to a thing
where you're like on a moon, and you just like keep hitting the crater,
and it's like fucking things, and then you make a bulldozer to like...
It's insane. It's insane. There's three games. Tapped Titans.
I keep switching between that, and I think the same people make Tapped Tycoon.
These are quality tap games, but they're bad for your life,
and then Tapped Galaxy, which is more of an eight-bit affair, where you just...
Talk me through Tapped Tycoon. What goes on there?
Tapped Tycoon, you're a little guy.
Remember I told you guys about the adventure capitalist where you just hit the buttons
that represent the businesses? Well, this one's a little more stylized graphically.
There's a little guy, and then if you tap the air above him, dollars form,
and he grabs him and stuffs him in his little pockets,
and then over time you can buy businesses, and it's really just the same game,
but it's just like there's a little dude jumping around.
So you really are just tapping things?
Yeah, you really do just tap, and obviously if my therapist were here,
as you would say, so in other words, you've found a way to keep your wheels spinning
with reduced accountability. There's no chance of choosing right or wrong.
There's no humans to interact with or disappoint.
It's amazing that even a regular video game would be too much.
Now I've been reduced to just... I'm just free-basing dopamine.
I got up in New York through the weekend,
and I was hungover. I had a wonderful time with my lover,
and we have a great time, but I sat up, and I looked in the mirror that was next to the bed,
and I said, oh my god, I'm a gorilla, and someone should just teach me sign language.
I bet it would be easier for me to learn sign language.
So my chiropractor, every time I miss a session, he texts me...
What does he say?
He texts me too. He texts both of us.
For real?
Yeah, yeah.
Does he group text you?
No, no. He texts us both separately.
Let's see. I'm trying to find his...
This is what I got. You can't see this, but it's all the same.
They all say, hi, Dan, you missed your appointment today at 9.30.
Will you be able to make it up on Thursday at 9.30?
Doctor, and I wish I could tell you his name, because you'd be like, what?
Is it a funny name?
Well, it's his first name, so it's like Dr. Gary, but it's worse.
It's like...
Minus Dr. Doug.
He looks like a sexy George Clooney.
When did these guys get to...
A sexy George Clooney?
He looks sexier than George Clooney.
How do you... I can't even picture that.
I know. And then he cracks your back.
You're like, fucking sexy George Clooney, just fucked me up. This is the best.
How come these guys get to call themselves doctors as long as they don't use a last name?
That seems problematic.
Oh, by the way, problematic.
I had a delightful conversation with a millennial that brought me another step further into my relationship with atoning with them.
This person, everything about them on paper, it should have been just a bad evening of talking to them,
because they're getting their degree, and it's just something that suggests that the world is fucked.
Actually, it was very interesting. It was transatlantic colonial literature, but I wanted to be funny, and I wasn't.
But she was talking about...
We were just talking about...
Because she's studying literature, particularly with a view on, because it's the slavery period, it's imperialism, colonialism,
and that's what she's mostly interested in.
And so we were talking about slavery within literature, mythology, and all this stuff.
And she used this verb that I'd never heard before.
She was like, what I'm trying to do with my latest paper is I'm problematizing this, and this, and that, and problematizing.
And I was like, wait, wait, you're problematizing?
And she's like, yeah. And I'm like, wait, oh, shit.
I got really excited, because she... And I said, I don't ever hear the word problematic.
And she's like, yeah, problematic.
Problematizing is the act of making something problematic, is figuring out that it is.
And I was like, yeah, but that's so much better.
And she goes, I know, because it's something I do, and not something that you're pointing at and saying that is something.
I was like, yes, yes. God damn it.
You can just smile and say, I love problematizing.
And you wouldn't come off like such a fucking jagoff.
You know? I enjoy problematizing.
That's why I'm so goddamn happy.
It's a thing I like to do.
It's like the equivalent of vandalism, only instead of a brick wall, it's your buzz, you know?
Like, it's fun. I'm going to put my mark on it.
I like to problematize.
And it's actually, you know, and I looked it up, you know, it's a real thing.
And I was like, wait, okay, yeah, problematization, you can't say it if you've had a single drink.
But it's to consider the concrete or existential elements of a term, writing, opinion, ideology, identity, or person as challenges,
problems, that invite people involved to transform those situations.
It's a method of defamiliarization of common sense.
See, that sounds punk rock and lateral and inventive and interesting.
I think it's what we keep...
So how do I problematize something? What does that mean?
Well, let's problematize Mother's Day.
Like, okay, well, like...
Finally.
Well, they list, I mean, it would be problematic to tell you how to problematize, but they...
Because who are you?
You know?
Oh, Wikipedia is telling me how to problematize.
But the sort of what process is sort of to ask the questions.
Who is making this statement?
For whom is he or she making it?
Why is the statement being made here and now?
Whom does this statement benefit?
Whom does it harm?
Sorry, that's a good way of picking something apart.
Especially though, what I really like is the invitation of people involved to transform something.
And I think that's what gets left out a lot.
I think that if you're... Like, so to problematize Mother's Day, it'd say, like,
you'd have to ask, like, well, who came up with Mother's Day?
You know?
That would require some research or a bunch of assumptions.
I think a hallmark, right?
I don't know, man.
You'd have to look it up.
That's the other problem, is that a lot of problematization seems to be a kind of hobby.
When it's based on zero research, then you're all the way into just kind of saying, like,
hey, this sketch offended me.
Who is making this sketch?
Well, you're either going to say the writers, and then you've got to get into all kinds
of problematic conversations about, was it a black writer?
Was it a white writer?
If it was, like, for instance, like a sketch that was like the black news,
and it was pointing out that black people have a different point of view.
And now you're bringing a bag in there into that airport and, like, unloading it.
Or you have to be so vague that it doesn't sound as provocative.
Like, you'd have to go, just people.
Or just the media.
The media's at it again.
The media's talking to whom?
The underclass?
The impressionable?
Black people?
White people?
The audience?
Just people?
I don't know.
You'd have to be subjective and speculate and assume, or you'd have to, like, just be
really vague and say, there's a box in my living room that I don't know how it works.
And I read some stuff online about kind of how it works.
So I'm making some assumptions about maybe the intention of this thing,
and I'm kind of problematizing it.
I think the danger there is the, obviously, problematizing while fun.
And I think it's great to say I love doing it.
I think that kind of, like, it obviously doesn't invite discourse.
So this is the problem that you see online all the time.
It's just, like, it's the white redditor going, like, actually, actually, and, like,
trying to problematize the problematization that's being brought up
problematically.
Because you can't, if somebody tells you that you're, because remember,
to problematize something is not to ask a question.
It's not to provide any information.
It's actually, just to put it in the most simple terms, it's to take something that
everyone is assuming in the room, and then to start to ask, why are we assuming
this?
Which is very healthy if you're dealing with, for instance, the Catholic Church
saying, like, no, this isn't a pedophile.
And ask the question, is it?
And then you go, oh, look at that.
It is.
But there's some research involved there, and there's some, and there's that
invitation to transform.
It's like, what are we going to do about this?
But if you, so if you invite somebody to transform circumstances that they're
assuming in a negative way, that could be somebody sitting in a room and they're
wearing a hat, and you just go, you should take that hat off, because I'm
looking at your hat in a different way, and I've found it problematic.
And not only am I just complaining about it, I'm actually also inviting you,
the person involved with your hat, to transform, to partake part in its
transformation.
And the problem there, and maybe your hat has a swastika on it.
So this is a good thing, maybe, if maybe you're in a synagogue.
Like, there is context, and context, and context.
Maybe your hat is genuinely problematic.
The problematic nature of problematization inherently is that if that person
isn't wearing a swastika on their hat, and you aren't in a synagogue,
they're just a dude with a hat on.
So if they say anything at all, you're already in a conflict, you set the
table for conflict.
That's why it's probably called problematization.
Not because you're just finding them.
You're causing problems.
You're saying, take your hat off.
And if the person ignores you, they're a fucking asshole.
And if they say, I have a problem with your problematization of my hat,
then they're, you know, hat-splaining to you.
And if somebody starts problematizing your problematization, what are you
going to do?
Stop and go, you're right.
Problematization is very problematic.
Stop it immediately.
No, you're going to say, stop hat-splaining my problematization.
I'm trying to do something.
So it's not really an activity.
I'm still confused.
I still don't know.
Well, it's not a group activity problematization.
But when you problematize, is it an active thing?
It's a method of criticism.
Right.
It's an algorithm for criticism, maybe put it that way.
Is it good or is it bad?
I think it's good one time per conversation at the top of it and needs to be heavily
mitigated with the expectation that somebody might tell you to go fuck yourself because
you haven't done any research and don't know what you're talking about.
Because it takes a really, really, really long time to see a sketch on a television
show, to go from there to writing an essay about it, requires more than typing.
I think unless you're going to just make people laugh, if you're really going to try to make
people think and provide new information, you're going to have to call somebody at the production
office of that show and ask who wrote this?
What were the circumstances?
Where did the sketch originate from?
How was your show structured?
What does your writer's room look like?
Was there rewrites on this thing?
How did it end up being this particular sketch?
Then you have to go around and find out how people received it and what happened.
Then you have to still bring in all kinds of speculation about who benefited and who's
suffering.
All those things are going to be really subjective.
Now here's the thing.
There are situations in which it's not subjective at all and it's really easy.
Those things seem to be our Teflon for problematization.
Like, god damn it, I hate this fucking word.
Donald Trump comes pre-problematized.
You can't fucking touch the guy.
He's a Rubik's Cube and all the colors are the same on every side.
If a senator says, arts education is a waste of money in urban schools because urban kids
tend to get urban shots, you can problematize the shit out of that and start talking about
how urban probably means black and blah, blah, blah.
If someone says all Mexicans are rapists, do you have nothing to do but go fly a kite?
He's like, who's making this statement?
Donald Trump.
Why is he making it?
Trump supporters.
To get votes.
Who's suffering?
Mexicans.
Who's gaining?
Angry white people.
You're done.
There's nothing to do.
The danger of that is that if we're addicted as a culture to problematizing as an activity,
it might just be that we think that when we're done doing that, we're done doing everything
and that we don't then do what Woodward and Bernstein did, which is take down a fucking
dude.
Take him down.
Open books, go meet with people in parking garages.
But how do you take somebody down who takes himself down constantly?
Well, there's got to be shit that this guy, I mean, it's got to be all the worse.
The guy is a pathological liar.
I don't know.
I mean, I saw that vanity fair piece from the 90s.
It's all out there.
It's like he had Hitler's speeches next to his bed.
I guess you're right.
No, I don't know what to do.
There's got to be a way.
There's got to be a way to find out or to figure out that we don't have to.
I was at Dino's today.
Dino had a barbecue and there was these...
And Donald Trump was there.
These directors were there.
And one of the directors was saying the guy that's doing the Albert Brooks and Louis C.
K. thing.
And these guys were there.
And one of the guys says, apparently, Hitler was really into poop.
He and Eva Braun, their housekeeper had to keep changing their sheets because every time
they got together, there was shit everywhere.
And so he was saying, apparently, Hitler was really into scat play and the pooping.
And Dino goes, don't ruin Hitler for me.
Meaning don't dimensionalize him.
Keep him Dracula for me.
He's just like a character.
It's like the girl with the skunk hair on the arches.
Hitler's here.
He wants the band to fail.
That's it.
Don't tell me when he goes home he has interesting things going on.
We keep finding out that Hitler had a micro penis.
He had one testicle.
He likes to poop on people.
He was just a bad guy.
He peed on his nephew.
He peed on his nephew, says somebody in the crowd.
Is that verifiable evidence?
He peed on his nephew.
Under what circumstances?
All right, now.
Who is making this statement?
Dan, are you going to problematize that statement?
Some kind of Hitler hater.
For whom is he or she making it?
Do you know why Hitler killed himself?
I know.
He saw his gas bill.
It's true.
He said he offers up.
That's verifiable, unproblematizable fact.
Yeah, whatever.
That was a bad Hitler joke.
It's a great Hitler joke.
Here's why.
No, it takes the actual gas part and it trivializes it.
That is problematic.
So there.
The funny Hitler jokes are like, oh, do you know why he never drank?
Why?
He was an angry drunk.
Not as funny as the gas one.
Well, I don't tell jokes very well, but it's just like,
when you use Hitler as an Abe Lincoln or a Dracula,
where it's just like, oh, you have to invite him in
before he can come in, Hitler has those little rules.
But then the actual minutiae of the extermination
and then in addition to that, taking that and going like,
oh, what a Monday.
All right.
But with any joke, when you walk through this process,
I don't know if this is a flow trick.
Who is making this statement?
Someone telling a joke.
For who are they making it?
An audience.
Why is the statement being made?
The person is trying to be funny.
Who does it hurt?
Who does it benefit?
Anyone that laughs?
Who does it hurt?
Anyone that doesn't?
I mean, that's kind of been known for a while.
It's not going to get you anywhere either, is it?
That's your current favorite joke.
Or all problematization is like, who's problematizing?
Academics.
For whom are they doing it?
Why are they doing it here and now?
For academia.
Possibly to justify the existence of academia.
Who does that benefit?
Academics.
Who does it hurt?
People who would otherwise maybe do shit.
Okay, but that's just me dumb-splaining.
Spencer, you talked to your mom today?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, I texted her.
Sure.
What did you say?
I said, happy Mother's Day.
No, I don't know.
She texted me a couple days ago was like, am I going to see you on Mother's Day?
It was just like one of these things where it's like, oh, I guess I'm not going to text
you for two or three days.
So it's just like, I don't want that, man.
I don't need that.
You're texting me.
Am I going to see you texting me?
And you know, that's what I want to know.
I don't want to know that.
I don't know.
It just sucks, man.
It sucks.
I hate my parents.
I hate my family.
I hate everything.
It's no good.
My grandpa's dead.
He's fine.
No.
I mean, he's dead, but he's fine.
Like, no, it's fine.
Was he fine before he was dead or he's fine now that he is dead?
He's fine now that he's dead.
Yeah.
So, I don't know.
You're not pals with your parents at all?
No, no.
They were, they were, no, no.
They were, no, no.
Yeah, no.
Do you think there's a day that you might be like, come back around to be friends with
them?
These are the times that it would be happening and I'm really going in the opposite direction.
So, I mean, I got to figure that out if I want that to happen.
What would have to happen for you to become friends with them?
I don't know, man.
It's just, it's so much, so much, it's all like nickel and dime shit, you know?
It's not like some big falling out happened.
It's just like, this happens all the time and this happens all the time.
And at the end of the day, it's like, I don't want most of that.
So I'm, I'm, I'm here, you know, that's why I'm here.
I think like back in the old days when we first met you that you felt like kind of responsible
for their relationship and kind of like you're kind of a caretaker, right?
Sure.
Yeah.
I think I said that.
Is that, is that still the case or no?
No.
I mean, well, my dad lives in Columbia.
I mean, he probably has a girlfriend or something right now.
He's, he's taking care of himself and my mom, she's like a hobo or something.
She's a, she's like couchsurfing and traveling and stuff.
She doesn't have a stable residence as far as I'm aware.
So I mean, who knows, who knows, right?
You know what my big thing with family is, you don't like them.
At some point this, there was this syndrome that started happening where it was like,
well, I haven't talked to these people in a while.
And then it's like, now I'm 43.
So they're getting long on the tooth.
Like we're getting to the point where after a long life of like fruitfulness and tradition
and stuff, you're supposed to like partake of this tragic like third act where it's like
bittersweet, you know?
Yeah.
I don't want to, you know, I don't want, part of me, like just because of our kind of stigma
against like, you know, sickness and stuff like a, I don't want to say certain words
out loud because I'll sound like just the epitome of evil, but, but like, I just have
this like weird feeling about like, like, well, I don't even know these people at this
point.
Yeah.
So it's like start now.
Because now is a bad time to start.
And it's like, and for what?
For the benefits of family, because I feel like I've been cruising without that just
fine all this time and, you know, it's all, it's all been good.
So now I want to go into that more ass just because that's what happens on television
like it seems dumb.
And a little bit of a slight, right?
If you didn't get like the whole like other side of it where it's like, your family means
a lot to you, throwing the ball in the yard, Thanksgiving times, AT&T wants you to be there.
This holiday season when the gravy's up and the stockings are out, bring your nuzzles
around the Christmas tree.
It's like, like when it's really just more dysfunctional than that, you just kind of
like, then the, then you're supposed to get that like the cable knit sweaters and the golden
retrievers and the like, God, dad, dad's going to do his chaplain impression again.
Like, I love it when we come up to this cabin in the Hamptons of every, every winter and
sure we have our problems.
And remember when Gloria smoked weed and sent her to rehab, but now she's okay to the McClannahan
clan who keeps getting bigger and happier.
And then if you've got, if you've had all that, then, then bring on the fucking diagnoses
and the, uh-oh, I got to go away for the weekend, beep, beep, like, I always wanted to do more.
I know, but you did, Uncle Herman.
But if Uncle Herman was like, you know, why get on board right before the meet, meet?
Yeah.
Exactly, because it's just been, it's like just a flat line up until that point.
It's like, how, how, what, what is the peak that we're hoping to achieve before the inevitable
pitfall?
Yeah.
What is this day new mod that I'm getting?
It's, it's, it's like, it's like, yeah, it's like, if you went to see a matrix movie
and it was just about Keanu Reeves, like fighting a million agent Smiths and you'd be like,
what's this weird educational video?
Like, someone would have to explain to you, there was a first movie and it was kind of
fun.
If you met Dan, like if you met your mother or your father at a bar, like there were strangers,
do you think that you would have anything to talk about?
Like if, if you just met them, face value as strangers.
Yeah, I think I'd, I think I'd like my dad, you know, you could have a chat.
You could enjoy each other's company.
Yeah.
It's a bad way to spend Mother's Day talking about it.
I think my dad's a cool guy.
Not your mom though?
Well, with my mom, but my mom, it's more important to be like, I mean, it's like, this is, and
I think moms get a bum rap.
I think it's the, I think it's an opposite gender kid kind of thing too.
It's also, but like, you know, I think moms get a bum rap from the male kids because they
nurture and they, they, they, they, they are there.
And then ironically, you kind of, you know, you cut the strings and you kind of, you don't
look back and go like, what a pal.
You look back and go like, you know, goddess, monster, you know, in any case, not a human,
you know, like you really need to, you really need to have like a human relationship with
your family or, or it's, or you're not going to have one.
And that's a statement that's really powerful.
But then again, you know, and that's everybody I talked to always goes like, we always end
this conversation.
We go like, yeah, but have you met those people with the, like the loving Norman Rockwell
family?
Yeah.
Like, like just, just really annoying.
When your mom passes away, uh, what, what, do you feel like there'll be a loss?
Like what, like something will be subtracted from you?
I think this is a bad day to say anything, but yes.
Well, what?
Like, well, cause just on the off chance that she's like, well, it's mother's day, he'll
probably say something about me.
And then you're like, when she dies, will you feel anything?
Hmm.
So yes.
It'll, it'll, it'll be different than when you, than when your father passes away.
Like there'll be a complicated feelings either way.
But I do acknowledge that they're going to be more narcissistically centered.
You know, they're not, they're going to be like unresolved shit that I haven't worked
on.
My mom, my mom died when I was 13 and it's like that was like kind of the perfect time
for that to happen because I wasn't so young.
I didn't know her, but I wasn't so old that it meant a lot more.
But when I look at, when I remember my mother, she's so much of who I am.
Like as much as I'm genetically my father, I look just like my dad, I am intellectually
my mother.
Like, like I have all of her emotions, like her brain.
And it's like, it's like, when I think of my mom today, it's like, she was so fucking
funny.
She was so cool.
And I didn't know her long enough, like, you know, I was 13.
So she was kind of hardgoing.
Like it was a little bit heavy to be around my mom because she was that intense.
But I wish she was still around because she was like the funniest person I ever knew.
My mom got me my first typewriter, my first Commodore 64.
She always made sure she told me whenever I said, what, what should I do?
She always said, do whatever you want.
She never said, you have to be this or that, you know, she never had a career plan for
me.
She always said, just make sure you, you, you do it because you want to do it and make
sure you're really good at it.
If you're going to be a garbage man, no offense to the garbage men listening, that's the example
she would use.
If you're going to be a garbage man, just be the best garbage man, you know, that there
is and, and, and make sure you're happy doing it.
So she was super on your side, like what, also she threw things at you.
She usually throwing them at my dad and I would get in the way, you know, like my birthday
cake.
But it was carrot cake.
I didn't even want it.
Carrot cake is the, is the, is Alexis of cakes.
I would, I would, I would give, I would give up a thousand birthday cakes for the story
I got, which is my mom threw my 11th birthday cake at my dad.
Like I would, I would, I would give up cake forever to have that story be true, which
it is.
And then she's like, here's your D&D books.
I didn't have time to wrap them and I was like, that's fine, man.
This is awesome.
All right.
Well, let's, let's, let's bring out, let's bring out our guests.
We can continue to talk about this.
Let's bring some, some, some, some more, some more dudes out here.
But this show is lacking anything.
It's, it's due to energy.
These guys have a very popular feral audio podcast.
It's like, I don't know if you care about such things, but it's number five.
I happen to know that.
It's like the, it's like the fifth most popular feral audio podcast.
Where are we?
I don't know.
I don't care about these things.
Are we the top?
We're number one.
One or two.
I don't know.
Who's number one?
I think it might be Duncan Trussell.
Oh, I'll fucking kill that guy.
Fucking hippie piece of shit.
And probably, yeah, he's probably probably, uh, they're probably counting, uh, uh, astral
people in the, in the, in the, in the, in the listeners numbers.
It's like Greg and Greg's spirit are both listening to Dan in this lighting right now.
Right.
What were you standing right in this lighting?
You have become more good looking than Russell Crowe.
He, he looks like shit.
You have, you've crossed over into being better at Russell Crowe.
Our guests tonight have a podcast called the dough boys on feral audio.
They, uh, they review, excuse me, what's the worst intro in the world?
You can't burp during an intro.
They review, uh, franchise restaurants.
It's, it's salt of the earth.
It was my burp with salt of the earth.
They, they, they, they review franchise restaurant chain restaurants, you know, like, uh, Jesus
Christ.
Uh, we'll, we'll, we'll get to know every little detail about them.
Uh, it's, uh, they're, they're, they're UCB alum.
They're, they're, they're very much, uh, they're, they're related to our family by a
lot of mutual cousins and things.
We can talk about that too.
Oh, can we Dan?
Shut up.
You fucking millennial puke.
Um, what did you come here for?
Norman Lear was coming back.
Norman Lear.
That was the most intense shit in the world.
I know.
And then, and then remember when Dustin uploaded the podcast and it said normal Lear?
Yeah.
This guy, this guy, 93 years old, he's, he's worked in the business for a hundred of those
years.
His, his, his name is Norman, he's silver leg hippie.
Get the, get the, get the, get the incense out of your mouth.
Uh, the dough boys are here and we're going to get to know them now.
They are Nick Weigar and Mitch Mitchell, the dough boys.
That's a Mike Mitchell, right?
Well, you go, you go by Mitch.
I go by Mitch.
Yeah.
So that's fine.
We haven't established canonically what Mitch's name is.
He goes by Mike.
He goes by Michael.
And he goes by Mitch.
I'm fine with all of them.
I'm trying to save work cause it said, the information I got was it's Mike Mitchell.
He goes by Mitch.
And I was like, why am I going to share the genealogy?
I was just like, I introduce myself as Mitch.
Uh, I don't care about myself enough to even care what anyone calls me when they, when
people ask me, I'm just like, yeah, Mitch or Mike, I don't care.
I don't care what they say.
It's fine with me.
So long as I don't like make anyone angry, which I think I'm doing right now, possibly.
Yeah, no, you have to work harder than that to get on their head side.
They're like, I hate myself too.
Grow up.
All right.
Good, good, good.
We're on the, we're on the same side.
Uh, so your, your podcast is, people love it.
Spencer counts himself among the fans.
I believe.
Yeah.
Thank you, Spencer.
It's not a big deal.
Yeah.
Thanks, Spencer.
It's not, it's not a good look to tell people you love their podcast.
It's not a good look.
It's not.
We appreciate it.
Yeah.
We like it.
So number five, that's pretty, that's not bad.
Right?
I got that.
You know, that's Dustin.
He's a producer.
He thinks about these things.
He's just going to give a thumbs up or something.
Yeah.
All right.
There we go.
Why is it called?
Doughboys.
Uh, good question.
Um, I mean, I would say that we are doughy men eating unhealthy food.
So he was, he was fat at one point and I remained fat.
Oh, and I've never not got fat.
He was a fat guy at one point.
He's thin.
You're a thin man now.
I'd say I'm towards the slender side, but there's still a layer of pudding over everything.
Like I'm not like, I'm not like cut, you know, I'm in pretty good shape though.
Yeah.
I used to be a lot fatter.
Um, but no, it's, it's an, we live an unhealthy lifestyle.
We both kind of have the diets of guys who are bulking up for an Academy Award winning
role.
And so, and, and so it's just like we're, as far as a comment on that, Doughboys felt
appropriate.
Like a runner up with sight of guys.
We almost went with that.
And I think we made the right call.
Yeah.
I went dead silent.
Are you, are you both under 30?
I'm 35.
I'm 33.
Okay.
Under 30, like I couldn't gain a pound.
Then one day I was sitting at Rob Schrab's with Dan, we would get Benito's tacos every
night and I was like, oh fuck, I'm, I'm fat.
I gained a pound.
Yeah.
He put it under his pillow, his first pound.
He framed it.
He framed it like a car washes dollar.
Just curiously though, Nick, Nick is the skinny one, right?
Nick, not the one that's named Mike and Mitch.
Nick is a skinny one and there's a part of me that thinks that this is all like a seven
style plot by you to make me fucking fatter and fatter as time goes on.
Do you think every time you get, wait, well, so, not to, I don't want to derail this too
much, but, but, but I'm just, I am curious if you were fat and you got thin, Nick, was
there a method you used?
Because a lot of my listeners are always, always looking for a new technique.
It's, he told me his technique.
Yeah.
I mean, like I've been through my weight is yo-yoed a lot through my life.
I was like a fat kid and then I got skinny late in the, like in early adulthood when
I was like 18, 19, I was like very thin and the best shape of my life.
Then I plumped up again throughout my 20s and around 29, I lost some weight again.
And the factor late in life was a diet, like earlier in life when I had that initial weight
loss, I just started swimming and I just burned off a shitload of calories.
I think like what, which I'm saying just, just, just that much of activity and having
that young metabolism.
But as I was older, I found that I had to restrict sugar and restrict carbohydrate intake and
just have a very strict sort of low carb ish diet.
But you're not doing that anymore.
Do you guys actively, when you, as I listened to a little bit of one of your most recent
podcasts, I picked the one that had my friend, David Phillips on it.
Oh yeah.
You left Philips.
Philips is a great guy.
And, but I never got to the part where you actually started talking about the specific
restaurant.
Although at the top of the podcast episode, there's this very charming post-karina long
worth, is that a reference that sticks now, the, the, the very, very academic, just like,
like dump of information about the restaurant you're going to be talking about.
Is that, is that every episode?
I have a little monologue I start each episode with.
It's kind of just loosely plagiarized from Wikipedia, but makes me sound and feel smart.
So I like to stay it and sort of gives a little background in the restaurant.
And then we fuck around for like 45 minutes.
And then we finally get to the restaurant.
We talk about that for pretty much the balance of the episode.
Yeah, you give a nice little autistic twist on it and you seem to enjoy it.
Are you just drawing on memories of eating at these places or do you, do you ever have
to study up?
Mitch and I go before each episode, the two of us go either together independently, sometimes
with our guests, to the restaurant in question.
So we always have a fresh perspective on whatever we're visiting.
And sometimes that involves a draw, a drive to Gardena to visit Long John Silver's.
That sucks.
And then some in March we, I ate 18 cheeseburgers in March, please, I'll take it.
I have nothing else to, I love it.
You ate 18 burgers throughout the month of March or you ate them in one day?
Hey, no, God, no, 18 cheeseburgers throughout the month of March.
That was not for the podcast though, that was for the podcast.
So it's, it was your favorite burger in town, Mitch.
So, so this is, we were ranking them and, and it's a point of contention.
Because I like Wendy's, he likes in and out burger.
And then I voted in the final, I voted for Shake Shack, was what I voted for.
Shake Shack, I don't think I've ever been there.
It's good.
It's really good.
What is the, because I mean, it's important to note, you guys aren't snarky about the
whole thing.
Like you're not, you're not foodies that are bashing on these restaurants for being less
than gourmet.
You're actually partaking in the, you know, you're opening the hood of, of a staple of
our lives, which is like these giant corporate chains and you're, you're approaching them
as if, as if you were talking about real food.
Where does that, where does that, where did that passion come from?
Where did that passion come from?
Harmon, just go hang yourself.
You put it, no, you put a good twist on it because I feel like we just, I mean, we like
all these restaurants and we want an excuse to eat there every week.
I feel like, and that was a big part of it.
And then, yeah.
Well, did you get, so when you guys go to, right here, I mean, turning this into something
about me, the, the, the, what I, the big LA thing is there's, there's a new restaurant
every day and there's another one closing.
And if you wanted to, every day you could just like, and there are people who want to
do this in particular, I feel like it's an age thing.
Like my younger friends are, have no problem going, let's go eat at this one place.
I heard great things about it.
And I always know that if you heard great things about it, that means I'm going to be
sitting in doll furniture, elbow to elbow with strangers and, and, and, and eating, you know,
not to get all Tim Allen about it, but also the portions are going to be small and, and
weird, like in some deliberate way, some off-handedly fucking deliberate way.
And whereas then there's just like, holy shit, can I go to Taylor Steakhouse?
I, I, every time I go to a night in market song, you know, night plus market song, I'm
always afraid I'm going to fall through the chair every time I go there.
Like I'm just truly in back, like nervous and embarrassed, I'm going to fall through
the chair.
But yeah, I mean, it, it, we talked about that because we do like, I like all types
of food.
Yeah.
We like, we like fine dining too.
And we like like cool hip, you know, individual location places, but there's something inclusive
and comforting about chains by design, you know, like it's a different experience going
to a Mimi's cafe or a Chili's and their whole, it's calculated at a corporate level to make
you feel included.
And I don't know.
I mean, we wanted to celebrate that atmosphere and not like make fun of it because it's something
that for a lot of people, that's the only, depending on where you live in the country,
that's the only, those are the only restaurants you have access to.
Right.
That's interesting.
So in being kind of sewers of chains, so what are the things that you have concluded?
What connects all of them?
You've done like 50 episodes of this.
So there must be, is there like overriding psychological principles at work in a successful
chain restaurant?
I'd say a hundred percent, like a, well, you, you, you're the smarter one of the two.
So you go for it.
When you say make you feel included, I think is the phrase you use, make you feel included
or invited.
What did you say exactly?
I said included.
I'm not sure if that was the perfect word choice.
What would you elaborate on that?
It's just like, you know, there's, there's, when anytime you're at a restaurant, you're
paying for the service, you're paying for the food, but you're also paying for the service.
You're paying for people to pretend like they're your servants for a little bit.
And like, I feel like the better chain restaurants, fundamentally that's what you're dealing with.
You know, you're paying for people to sort of do it on you and take care of your every
need and act like, to pretend in this, in this situation, you're a higher status of
them, but in the real world, you might not be, you know?
So I think the, the effective, the effective chain restaurants kind of just have that experience.
They just presented in a way that you would in, in, in, in a good individual location restaurant.
They franchise wide.
They kind of have, they, they make you feel that way.
And one restaurant we reviewed very highly, I'm just saying Hillstone, it goes by many
names.
Houston's you may know is most popularly.
Yeah.
Houston's is great.
But I mean, that's a place where just the, the level of service, the level of services
is universally very high in addition to the food quality.
So yeah, I guess I, I find Chili's like a reliable in an airport, airports is kind of
a, that's their slogan.
It's its own thing.
Like it's, it's, it's a no man's land in an airport.
I've never, that's, that's an interesting from a class perspective.
It's like, it's, you're talking about a middle class thing, like, and going out to dinner
being not something you do every night, possibly doing it with your family and loved ones.
And there is like, I guess that there is something interesting about that.
Like they create little worlds as if it's part dinner, part vacation.
Like you've, you've come to islands.
You've got to have a tropical doppelganger doopie doopie, you know, and they have like,
they have like little sayings and they have little, and they have outfits and they have
a, the whole theme thing.
And I just realized that that's not, I don't know what I ever thought that was.
I hadn't problematized it yet.
I hadn't, I hadn't looked at it like, like, like, like, and I asked myself, I just felt
like that was just, but that's what they're trying to do is they're trying to, they're
competing over dollars that are harder earned than to, than to say like, like, they're like
dollars that are like, holy shit, I, I almost died, like, like, like, like typing for this
dollar.
Like my bones are sticking out of my fingertips and I, and I, and I want to make sure I get
treated right.
And so that, you know, that's like the, the, the big giant parking lots of the big blinking
signs that say like, look, there's plenty of room here, there's a runway.
Yeah.
I, I feel like, and especially now there's, there's that thing of there's, there's two,
there's two things I play to that I feel like that kind of a, will separate the good from
the bad.
And it's, it's the quality being good across like all the restaurants, if you can like
keep a standard of quality in, in Los Angeles and then somewhere in Wyoming, like everywhere
you go, it feels like kind of the same level of food and then that's like, and then the
change that have failed have been ones that are, that kind of like, you go to a different
place and it'll be good and then it will be bad.
Or they're just bad in general.
I mean, those are the worst.
So it was just places that taste like shit.
We went to this place that I had fond memories of from my childhood, um, Keros, which is
a, a West coast chain.
Keros, Keros.
Yeah, um, and at one point they were pretty, it was pretty big and it was well reviewed
and it was well revered.
That was a place that would be like a treat.
And now it's kind of, it's dying.
It got bought off by a larger company and it went from, you know, I think at its peak,
it had 60 locations.
Now it's like 12 locations.
We went to one in South Pasadena, which was like one of the only ones in the greater
LA area.
And it was just, it was a real sad, sad scene.
We asked the wait, we were like, what do you like to eat at this place?
And she was like, nothing.
She said that.
She just said nothing at all.
And we were like, oh, um, Keros has rice pudding, by the way, uh, nobody has rice
pudding.
Yeah.
You can get a rice pudding at Keros.
Well, I think that's, I think that's the thing of like the entire clientele, except
for us was, uh, was older adults, was seniors who I think it was like, oh, this is my comforting
place that I've gotten used to.
But I think, you know, do you guys ever go to Sambo's or are you two young Sambo's?
Yeah.
No, not me.
I was about to say, there's a place called Sambo's.
I think there might be still one that exists.
Santa Barbara.
Oh my God.
It's still there.
And they maintain that's why it's called Sambo's short for Santa Barbara.
We know better from the logo.
The logo isn't a sunset behind a ship.
Uh, the, the, uh, did you, what about Barnaby's?
You guys ever hear Barnaby's?
No, we, have you heard of Barnaby's?
Where's Barnaby's?
Barnaby's was, I mean, it was a place, so when I was a kid, I thought there was only
one Barnaby's.
That's the other thing.
When you're a kid, you grow up, whatever, but, but, but that's the thing.
When you're a kid, you just want to kill myself.
Um, I just want to, I want to, I want to kill myself just so I can go to hell and, and have
everyone there tell me to kill myself.
Man, we would love to have you on the podcast because we talk like, we talk about fast food,
but like 70% of it is talking about killing ourselves.
Yeah.
If there isn't a death wish behind a podcast dedicated to reviewing chain restaurant food,
then I guess you'd have to go to the Philip Morris happy hour.
I don't know.
Um, we, we, we talk about them podcasts and then we get done with the podcast and we text
each other about how we want to kill ourselves.
Like never stops happening.
By the way, for you 16 year olds listening, that is a sport among us, those of us over
30, we're professionals.
Do it.
If you, if you, if you have conflicted feelings, talk to somebody that's not the same thing.
It's not the same thing that you're feeling.
Hang in there and talk to somebody.
All right.
Uh, I want, I want, I want nothing on my hands, man.
Uh, I want to leave only footprints on this world and I already fucked up with that Chevy
voicemail and I was like, last thing I need is like, you know, just tumbler note and the
bar, Barnaby's was a, but also I care if you're listening, the Barnaby's was like this.
I had this like stained glass, it was an Italian restaurant, kind of Italian restaurant.
It was, it was a pizza place and, and, and it was, everything was, everything was like
varnished wood and darkness and, and like stained glass chandeliers and stained glass
windows that didn't let any light in.
If you were eating there during the day and then, and then there was like a little window
to the kitchen, like some of those places have where you could watch the guys make the
pizza.
Um, and, uh, I don't know, I don't know why I'm bringing it up because, well, because
I never knew it was a chain.
I just thought it was this place that it was in Milwaukee and my family would go there.
It was our big, that was our place.
That was that meant that like, like beyond let's go to McDonald's because it's a fuck
it kind of night.
This was like, it's, it's special.
It's like a fuck it kind of night and, and we're in a good mood.
Um, we're not, we're, and, and, and, and, and, and like, uh, it closed.
I got taken over by this place called Tom Fulhery's, um, which was, it was on the heels
of Chuck E. Cheese.
It was Chuck E. Cheese for adults, Tom Fulhery, uh, the logo was in, is it was in Miami Vice
Style blue neon and you would go into the idea was that the parents could hang out in
this swank 80s swingery kind of dining environment and, and there was a stack of free tokens
for the arcade in the corner, which was like this grotto.
You would just stuff your kids for the evening.
And then it was like, so it was like pursuing the strange dichotomy.
It was like, like, like, hey, it's the 80s.
Maybe your family's a liability, like, like, like, and Pac-Man's here to solve that problem.
Like, like, like we've got the shit figured out, right?
Economics, man, uh, we, and then, and that, but then my friend Dino took me to a Barnaby's
in Chicago and it was identical.
I had so many fucking flashbacks.
I was like, wait, can I go to the bathroom?
The answer is yes.
Uh, but like the entire floor plan of the entire place was identical, which is another crazy
thing about a chain restaurant is like, you could have, you could have a memory of your
favorite eighth birthday and then you could, if they're, if that, if that virus of that
restaurant survives in some pocket, even if you have to, you have to go find one somewhere,
you could like have all those flashbacks.
We just, we just recently, well, he's got something going on.
Uh, we recently went to Chuck E. Cheese's speaking of Tom Fullerys.
My lovely ex-wife, Erin McGathy's episode, right?
That's correct.
Yeah.
And, uh, and, uh, I've never felt like a, like a bigger pervert in my entire life.
Did you actually go to a Chuck E. Cheese with Aaron?
Uh, I went, uh, were you fucking her?
No, no.
Oh, shit.
Cause like I'm dating, but the best time in town ever.
No, sir.
We find out one of the deal boys is fucking your ex-wife and that that's how you do it.
I mean, if you're going to fuck someone ex-wife, take him to Chuck E. Cheese.
I'm sorry.
I'm, I'm derailing you to a certain extent.
Are there still Chuck E. Cheese's?
There, there is, there's a lot of them actually.
There was way more than I thought there was going to be.
Yeah.
It's like 250.
There's like a good number nationwide.
They merged with show biz, was it show biz or show time pizza?
Show biz.
I think show biz pizza.
Yeah.
They merged with show biz pizza and then converted all their locations.
There's, there's still a lot.
I'm the ski ball there when, when the tickets come out, if you slightly pull, they just
keep fucking coming.
Oh yeah.
Nice hack.
Here's, here's another life hack.
If you're 11 years old in the eighties and you don't get invited to a Chuck E. Cheese
birthday party, you fucking like, you're, you're just, you're off the grid, unpopular.
You become a show creator later on in life.
I never, it was like, oh, Steve's having a Chuck E. Cheese birthday, but I was like,
there were no, there was no discretion because those parties were just like, just tell basically
everybody to come.
It's not like people were buying their pizza.
It was like, it was like a Midwestern thing was just show up.
Just, they just didn't want me there.
Who did?
They didn't want me in a public place.
Dan, who did not invite you to a Chuck E. Cheese?
I said Steve.
Steve.
Steve who?
I'm not going to name his last name.
Steve?
Hamstack?
No.
I mean, the people who wronged me have suffered.
Believe me.
Wait.
What did you do?
I didn't do shit.
I'm God's hammer and word.
I'm finding karma just happens.
Sometimes you have the pleasure of, of, of feeling God hammering people using you as
the hammer.
You know, that's what Facebook's about, right?
You feel that nature actually is like tortured them or they actually got their comeuppance?
I don't know.
Do you think their goal was to like, just keep loving football and was that supposed to
make them like really happy or?
I mean, did something terrible happen to that person?
I'd say there's no burnt houses or anything on their Facebook profiles, but I check in
and I go like, yeah, yeah, told you, told you baseball was dumb.
I don't post that on their page, but I say it to myself and I masturbate crying fall asleep.
And I don't come a lot.
I come desperate, sad little droplets.
Well, after hearing this, just to be clear, Nick and I don't fuck at all.
We don't fuck anything.
But we went, we went to, I went to Chuck E. Cheese by myself and then a friend for those
of you who aren't video subscribers, the crowd gasped Mitch, Mitch isn't, Mitch isn't a guy
you hope as a parent to see at a Chuck E. Cheese by himself.
You'd rather see him there with a kid and a baby Bjorn, a friend, a friend, a grown
adult friend, joined me, a man, and we, it's getting worse.
If he looked like Stanley Tucci, it just makes it worse.
It's just like, like you have like an accomplice.
It was, it was not good.
We sat by the stage and he want, he was like intent on playing Ski Ball afterwards and
I was like, please, we, I was sweating.
I was like, we need to get out of here as fast as possible.
But we played a little Ski Ball.
It's one of those virus restaurants that you were talking of like a virus chain where it's,
it's, you're like, oh, I remember some of this, but it's not, nothing is right here.
Like nothing feels right about it.
I have the strangest, most specific memory.
I went to, I went to show biz before it was Chuck E. Cheese one time and I think it was
because my parents get so used to me coming home kind of like sad and then dragging it
out of me that Steve didn't invite me and it was fucking gala again.
So at one point they actually took me to show biz, just my parents and me and we sat in
the back room and there was a, there was a Billy Bob the bear and he sang songs and stuff.
I think I've talked about this in the podcast before because I remember it straight.
I was probably 12 years old, 11.
And they, they did this like letters section.
They would sing songs, the animatronic band, and then they did a letter like, oh, here's,
here's letters.
And then one of the letters they read was from a kid who said, Billy Bob, how come when
you're on stage, you have bear feet with no shoes on and when you're wandering around
the arcade, you have sneakers on?
Why would they include that?
Talk about like a weird shame, like fraud complex, like, just like, like, like a telltale heart.
Like, they're like, we have to address this.
And Billy Bob said, animatronic robot bear answered the question that the kid posed and
said, well, the thing is, when I'm up here on stage, I don't want to fall off the stage.
So my bear toe claws help me keep balance up here.
But when I'm walking around there, while you're eating your food, no one wants to see my toenails
out there, meanwhile, you're eating pizza and listening to him talking about his toenails
and it's gross.
So mission not accomplished.
And then they moved on.
That's my memory of Chopin's Pizza Place was just weird, like, over piping, like, sometimes
if it's broke, don't fix it.
I feel like you can't hear any of that stuff anymore, because it's just like the whirring
of like a 20 year old robot is all you can hear now, it's just like the stirring of the
robots and the flapping of their eyelids and stuff.
It's very off-putting.
There must be a thing.
So it must be at this point, there must be a heavy, like the pie chart of their customer
base, a lot, a big slice of it must be nostalgic adults coming in to relive a childhood memory
who don't have kids with them.
Just on my, me and Mitch's anecdotal experience, I would say that's a very small slice.
It feels like they're mostly families and if you're adults alone without kids, you're
drawing eyeballs for being very, very, I don't know, I don't know how much of the nostalgia
crowd that it's attracting among people who don't have kids, maybe people who take their
kids and like, oh, there's a place I used to go to with a kid.
So if you are over 30 and you do want to take a nostalgic trip back to an animatronic-themed
pizza place, take a kid.
Maybe one you know, whatever, just find a kid and have him with you so the other parents
can be comfortable.
We were afraid we were going to get stopped.
But leave with a different kid.
They have controls in place for that.
They have controls, yeah.
They have their checks and balances.
Well, yeah, the ball pit, man, tells no tales.
The ball pit tells no tales.
That's like the pig pen in Deadwood.
Cock sucker.
Swagin'.
Take him to the ball pit.
When you get in there, there's like an airlock system and you have to like, wait in a cattle
crate and they come over and give you wristbands that are color coordinated so that they know
that you're leaving with the correct children.
Oh, God.
What?
Yeah, it's really, really crazy.
Wow.
I mean, that represents some actual crimes.
Yeah.
They used to have a hand stamp.
They used to have this hand stamp, it was like ultraviolet, you know, and so there'd
be a letter on it.
But then I think they realized you could just like buy those stamps and that's why they
do wristbands.
I don't know.
This is a rabbit hole.
It's making it so hard for me to go and just steal children from Chuck E. Cheese.
I just, I showed that, I have to book on this guy, Steve Levy's not here so this will
fall on deaf ears, but I want to book on the podcast because I don't want to do any research.
I want to know like is the actual, like what the hell is it, what is, is there more terrible
things happening to children per capita or is this like a weird group?
What guest is going to solve that problem for you?
A child molester?
Janet Jackson.
A census taker?
I don't fucking know.
Yeah, I can't really go back to the same house and they're gone.
No, I don't know actually.
Somebody who could actually just say like, no, well here's the thing because I know there's
a variety of variables.
For instance, the population keeps exploding so even if you were to, so sometimes flat
numbers can be misleading.
I'm just, I'm just, like Duncan was on this podcast and I'm like really, he really, like
what he was like saying, oh never mind.
I'm not going to quote him again because it was so funny but it makes him sound like
a villain too.
I just like, like, like it's, we're, we've become obsessed.
Obviously our national psyche is like doting on this like idea, we can't have a conversation
that involves children without immediately, like it's, it's, it's like a syndrome of like
both comedians have learned it and like actual concern and it's all feeding into itself.
It's like this zeitgeist pocket of like, oh my God, children are just like this, like,
like, like candy apple just like rolling around and like, they're just, they have targets
on every side of their body and like the world is made of arrows and I, I'm not interested
in them.
I think they're gross.
I think they're annoying.
I think they don't know overkill.
Have you ever tried to explain to a kid the comedy comes in fucking threes, not nineties?
Yeah, I get it.
It's an airplane.
Fucking moron.
The stuff they're into.
Yeah.
You know what?
Some of them are going to get taken.
No one will be agree with this side.
Some of them are going to get taken sometimes, but a room has showed us that they get back
unharmed.
I did.
Yeah.
They find their way back.
I just, I'm just curious like, I was like, yeah, if there's something at work in the
national psyche, like there's some shift that happened, like we, we changed our perception
of drugs several times.
Like we've made, we made decisions.
You can trace them, you know, depending on your ideology, maybe it's that you can't
fuck kids anymore.
You know?
Maybe it's impossible.
I feel like through most of human history, people have just been fucking kids left and
right.
Right?
Like the child, you know, like, you know, you'd get married at like 11 or 12 and then
Greeks would fuck little boys is like, oh, it's actually, it's actual.
It's an actual absence of the legal recourse to do.
Yeah.
I will say this.
At my confirmation, Cardinal Law was at my confirmation.
He gave mass.
Cardinal Law?
Cardinal Law, like his name was Cardinal Law.
Cardinal Law.
He's, he's.
Was he with corporal punishment?
You don't know about Cardinal Law.
Have you, have you seen spotlight?
Yeah.
Cardinal Law is the Hulk Hogan of, of spotlight.
Cardinal Law, for real, that's amazing.
Go on.
He's, he, you know, the villain of spotlight was a, gave the mass at my confirmation.
And he, he, he asked a question, which I guess my godfather said it was a very easy
question.
And he pointed to me and I didn't know the answer to the whole church laughed.
So, so I feel like I got him in some sort of way, you know?
Uh, yeah, no, Cardinal, Cardinal Law was, uh, was, uh, he, he, I mean, he covered it
all up.
I feel like that's where it all went wrong with the children thing, because when I, when
I was in elementary school, I'd walk home from school in elementary school.
Like I feel like third grade, I'd be walking home from school.
It seems like the shit, that's what, the, the, the, the things that I would do when
I was a kid, the territory I occupied, the amount of fencing around it, both figuratively
and literally like the amount of hours I was allowed to log unsupervised in the expansive
territory, et cetera.
Like compared to what I, and I'm, does it like not like, if I had a kid right now, eight
years old, just based on nothing more than just cultural zeitgeist, the, the, the disparity
between where, what I would let that kid do versus what I did when I was a kid is so vast.
It makes me ask the question, is also the environment actually, is the disparity actually
there?
Yeah.
I would guess it's actually, I, I, I'm, I'm guessing this is based on nothing, no, but
I'm guessing that it's both gotten less dangerous for kids, but we've gotten more awareness
of it.
The internet.
Yeah.
The internet is everything.
All local news is national news now.
So every horrific, you know, horrific crime that occurs or horrific accident that, that
happens with a, with a kid in a car seat you hear about, and it, it just feeds that national
heart.
Yeah.
We're in fascination with, with, you know, not because we're bad people, but because
we're good people, probably at heart, like we want to, you know, it's like the things
that are going to pop and sizzle off of a big frying pan full of grease called the internet
are stories about innocence, you know, we get it, getting, getting hurt, you know.
Oh yeah.
I read a, I read a fucking long ass piece.
I don't know why I do this to myself, but I read really long, like true crime pieces
and I read a long piece of just about kids who were trapped in hot cars.
And there was like, there's this, this one part that stick, that stuck with me.
It may, it'll probably stick with you now, so I apologize, but there was a, they'd asked
a detective what was the worst thing they'd ever seen involving one of these cases.
I've heard this before.
Should I not share this?
Should I not?
I won't share it.
No, I do.
We're all, we're all, no, it's, it's part of our media watchdog segment.
We're all good people.
Everybody.
You know, buckle your holy shit belts.
They're, what was the worst thing you ever saw investigating one of these, these cases?
And I remember it said the detective took a pause to gather themself.
You don't have to include that part.
There was a little girl who was two, who was trapped in a car.
It was a hundred degrees.
And when they found her, she was dead and she had torn all her hair out of her head.
Well, that's been our show guys, thanks for, thanks for coming.
Holy shit.
Just a nightmare.
There was a, in the, in the, I think New Yorker magazine, a LAPD homicide detective was asked.
They found like a couple of dead bodies up in Angeles national forest.
And like, they had been there for, you know, many years.
And a reporter asked the detective, how many people do you think are buried out here?
And he said, if I asked everybody buried in national, like Angeles national forest to
stand up, it would look like Venice beach.
It's like, like, that's where you, that's where you go to bury people.
So like, when you, when you're driving by on the two freeway, they don't, they don't
want to be silver robots, they all have roller skates, they all have boom boxes in the shoulders.
The amount of caricature art.
We are surrounded by a forest full of murdered people.
Well, according to that cop, I mean, I, and I have no reason to doubt him, but also Mark
Furman as an example, I don't know, he had information to like, like, like, like cops
are, you know, they're not, they don't graduate from cop college to become cops.
They, they, some of them are, some of them know exactly what they're talking about.
And some of them are like, I wish I was Mickey Spillane.
He was a hard boiled, like kind of writer.
Also, another, there's also one of Miller lights, all stars.
Another LAPD cop said that there's probably more dead bodies between us and Catalina right
now, because if you want to really kill somebody, have a boat.
Yeah, man.
Dave, don't youp that.
That's it.
That was a wrong time to youp.
That's how you do it.
All right.
I, uh, but you guys, we should, we should all, let's all kill someone tonight and find out
who wins.
By the way, I thought, where's my clock?
I'm flying blind here.
Oh my God.
The cops in Quincy.
It's 9-12.
You see?
God damn it.
I'll explain later.
We finally forgot.
Oh, no.
Oh, I get it.
It turns out all you had to do is turn a clock off and we can forget.
Uh, 9-13, what a bummer.
Of the thoughts swirling in my head are, I'm going to, I'm going to, you know, there's
a good chance what I'm about to do will ruin an episode as, you know, zip.
But let's just, I'm going to wing it.
Because of the, uh, we're overrepresented on one side, I'll ask for a female volunteer
or someone, someone who, uh, compartmentalizes as such, uh, the, uh, uh, and, uh, anybody
who has, uh, a relationship, positive, negative, anything noteworthy that they're willing
to share their relationship about their mother.
Uh, all right, we're going to hand go up pretty quickly here.
Come join us.
Come up.
Hello.
What's your name?
Lauren.
Lauren?
Yes.
I've met you before.
Wow.
Yeah.
Nice to meet you again.
Yes.
Uh, Lauren, uh, yeah.
So, uh, did you, did you have a good mother's day?
No, no, I did not.
Uh, not, not, is it, okay.
Well, uh, I'll walk down this path of, uh, okay.
So is it because you don't get along with your mom?
Yes.
Never really have actually.
So it's never been a good mother's day.
She's always found a way out of it by either getting mad at us.
My brother and I, uh, or canceling mother's day.
Like today I was going to plan to take her to Monterey because
that's where her mother is scattered.
And she's always, she was never there when her mother got
scattered.
So I wanted to take her there to be with her mom.
And maybe a couple of weeks ago, she got mad at my brother and I
and canceled mother's day.
Basically by sending us a text message saying, I want nothing.
Don't do anything for me.
This is like a refreshingly, not to call your problems refreshing,
but so effervescent.
Delicious.
Uh, but like typically somebody, I mean, like, like, I'm, like,
you're, you're, so you're somebody that's like, like, you're,
you're, your mom, your mom ruins mother's day by saying,
I don't want anything.
Like, it's like, like this is a generational thing, maybe, or no,
not to dismiss it.
It's very personal.
Okay.
Uh, I just think it's, it's neat.
It's neat because with my mom and the problem is like, oh shit,
what am I supposed to, I don't know.
Um, and with your mom, you're saying like, why am I commenting
at it?
How am I helping?
Um, uh, let's, let's get, let's get to the, to the, to the root of
this.
Uh, so your, your mom is how old she's 51.
So you're a youngster.
I am a youngster.
Did she have you very young?
Uh, I don't remember or I don't know.
I mean, I'm 25.
So 25 years ago.
Okay.
Um, yeah.
So well, so you're at the age where your mom had you is what
it sounds like.
Did she live in town or is she out of state?
She just moved.
I just moved out.
Yeah.
So you're trying to reach out to her and say, let's hang out.
Let's go.
Let's go be in Monterey.
That's, that's Monterey Mike.
You reached out to your mom and she's like, she, she didn't want
any part of that.
I didn't even get to tell her that that's what I was going to do
for her.
Do you think if, if you told her that she'd be open to that or
no?
No.
Well, because she said a couple of weeks ago, could you tell her,
you're comfortable talking about that event?
What, what was the conflict that resulted in your mom canceling
Mother's Day weeks in advance?
To be honest, I always forget why.
It's kind of weird.
It's like an ongoing thing I could do.
I could breathe wrong.
I could come home at a wrong time.
I could do one little thing wrong and it's just a constant cycle.
It's always been like that.
You said come home.
Do you live with her?
I used to live with her.
Yeah.
What about other holidays?
Is there also Christmas is canceled.
Mother's Day is canceled.
Wait from today, just from today.
Yeah.
No, it's, it's a constant thing.
It's never happy.
It's always, I have been finding ways to spend holidays with other
families.
Was that always the case throughout your childhood?
Yes.
What do you think that's about for her?
I know she says, she likes to say that she's not appreciated.
And I, my brother and I have done our best, but we come from
divorced parents where it wasn't pretty.
And it was a weird custody agreement.
And we got tossed back and forth between our parents.
And it was never kind of, it was a very unstable environment.
So that plus I also know things were triggered by like her
upbringing.
She wasn't very friendly with her mother.
And it's a constant.
It looks like it's been a cycle for years.
So it sounds like, yeah, I mean, like, like trauma gets handed
down.
She, she's not to speculate in either direction, like judging
her or, or, or forgiving her, but just like from what I'm
learning in therapy, like one might speculate that these
holidays represent like the opportunity for crisis.
And that she's ironically trying to shut them down thinking
that that's going to solve the problem.
But of course she's creating new, she's just doing it again.
Yeah, that's exactly what I hear in therapy as well.
That she's like, she's like shutting off.
She's like, Oh, yeah, I don't want to have a heart attack.
So I'll shut off all blood to my heart, you know, that way
I'll be perfectly immortal forever.
And, and so like you're, you're able to know that, but like,
like, it's like, like, how do you so, and yet you're not
going to do that when you have kids.
Are you going to have kids?
I'm going to have kids one day, maybe.
I don't know.
You're going to have them tonight.
Let's spin the wheel.
That's the Harmontown guaranteed.
Problematic.
Everybody gets impregnated tonight.
I feel like, I feel like that is like a common mom threat
though, right?
Like that, like, like my mom gets frustrated around the
holidays and then she's like, like, you guys aren't treating
me well.
We're not going to do Christmas.
Like I feel like that threat is there.
Definitely postponement and cause I learned the word
postpone by studying notes left by my mother on Easter
morning, like, like, and Halloween morning and Christmas
morning.
We would, there would be like a big fight the previous
night and then we'd, we'd wake up and it would be like,
my brother would go like, there's a note and then we'd
look and it would say Easter has been postponed.
And I remember that we're learning that word because
by going over it with my brother going, does that mean
Easter never will happen or does it mean it will happen
later? And he's like, I don't, I don't, I think it means it'll
happen later.
We'd like look it up.
It happens three days later.
Yeah, exactly.
Like, like, like, so, so yeah, holiday, holiday control.
Yeah.
In the parental, I don't want to, I don't want to draw
analogies that are going to offend anybody, but like,
like, like, like young women who have eating disorders,
it's like, like, like you're out of control.
Everything in your life.
There's no, there's no threshold to fucking like, like
accomplish anything like, like, like, that feels like,
like change and, and like the default place of like, oh,
well, I can, I can eat or not eat for lunch, you know, I can
eat less or all these things.
Like, and it kind of spirals into the syndrome of like, oh,
that makes me feel comfortable that I'm out of control.
I would have like, like her emotional intake.
What am I doing?
What is it?
Like, I'm not a therapist.
What am I doing?
Like, like, look, my point, what is my point?
How do we turn this into show?
I was, I was, I was thinking, looking down the line that we
had a couple of improv trained guys.
No, I loved what you were saying.
I mean, I agree with you.
It does feel like that kind of like a common thread and it
comes from a place of my mom not wanting to deal with it.
Maybe it comes from a good place or something like that.
Well, I'm sure like, she's, she implies like, I'm, she's
heard that from a therapist already.
Like it's, it's been dimensionalized and personified.
She gets it.
Yeah.
Lauren, like, let's say you had a kid, you know, a boy or girl.
Let's say, let's say you had two.
You say you had one of each.
Do you think that you would pass any of that on of your,
your mother's like hangups?
Do you think that you'd be able to not do that?
Or do you think you inherit that too?
I, that's why I'm in therapy for my parent and my parents passed
down these traits to me and my therapist and I are trying to
break those before I get into a relationship or have kids.
So I know like that I'm not going to pass those traits on and
hopefully I have more of a healthier relationship with my
future whoever or my future kids.
Can you tell us like what the language your therapist is using
like in circling this area?
Like what are some of the tools or things that you've learned
or anything that's causing like an epiphany about it that
you, that sticks out as like, like just like in talking about
your mom and therapy and her relationship with these holidays
and canceling them and stuff.
Has your therapist said anything where you're like,
Oh, I remember this.
It's like she likes to tell me like when your mom gets into
her screaming fits and things just kind of stay calm and
cause normally I would fight back.
I would argue back with her and say like that's not fair or
whatever.
You don't understand.
I just would stay calm and like just say like, okay, mom,
okay, mom, okay.
And you should do that.
Why?
Because there's just therapists have a theory about what your
mom's doing and then how it's going to play itself out.
It's her attention grabbing.
She's trying to get grab attention because she didn't have
attention when she was younger.
Oh, but that's a weird.
I mean, it's like, like, not that something being weird means
it doesn't exist.
I mean, look at flamingos knees, but the episode title.
I lifted that from Oh God, the movie Oh God.
I'm not a perfect guy.
Look at flamingos kneecap.
That's George Burns.
Okay.
So the, but the, but it is just, I mean, it's just weird
thinking like here are these days that are demarcated for
specialness and attention and all these things.
And but like they're being superseded and your therapist is
certain like the stories.
Are you sure your mom didn't actually endure trauma like,
like, like from family?
It's not, it's not about her needing attention.
It's about her actually avoiding trauma.
Like, like, like, I think it's more attention.
Like she was, she had like her history and she was the
middle child.
She wasn't cared about her brother and her sister were,
you know, the, oh, they're the best children in the world.
She had to do all the chores.
I mean, mother's day with your kids.
It's, there's, there's not a lot of competition for that corner.
It's like you only have so many kids and it's like,
they don't have other moms that are like going to box her out.
I could sit like, like, like, but, but in her mind,
it's like maybe festivity and tradition and stuff.
It's all like a ritualistic way of like maybe somehow
minimizing her.
Lauren, how much do you, do you think that you like inherit
your mother's traits?
Like how much of you is she?
Um, I would say, like, I share 50-50 of my father and my mom.
Like, I mean, physicality, like, looks and stuff and personality.
Are you close with your dad?
I kind of, I feel like I'm closer with my dad.
Then mom?
Then mom, because mom tends to push away a little bit more
because she says she's, she's tried enough.
And my dad, he, he will still reach out.
Even if he's angry at me, though, like time will pass
and then he'll try to reach out.
My mom says that she's done enough.
She's tried enough.
There's like these hints at backstory with your mom.
Like she's somehow been victimized to the past,
not only by her parents, but actually by you guys.
Yeah, we, I mean, it was really hard because my dad was,
when they got divorced, it was a very ugly divorce.
She felt, oh, she felt, she felt, she felt like she was in a pageant
to like compete as a parent.
Yeah, parents do that.
They feel like they need to compete.
My mom felt like she needed to give us anything and everything we wanted.
And then we kind of, my dad on the other end was telling us like,
oh, your mom, you know, she's a liar.
She's, you know, she left you guys, she left you with us
or left, left me with you guys.
And then like things like child support, like your mom didn't give enough money
for child support.
And so, I mean, it's this really vicious cycle.
Are you and your brother close?
Kind of, not really.
Our family's kind of broken.
It's all, it's all fractious.
Yeah.
Okay.
So, well, so I was going to, I was going to have somebody come up
and then I was going to like maybe fix their problem
in the form of like an improv scene, not doing that.
Oh my God.
That would be, I'm pre-problematizing that.
Thank you.
I was entertained by the podcast where Laura was just sitting there crying
and while you guys made jokes about the mythologizing her situation.
But it's amazing that you can come up and talk about that
and be like that open about it.
Yeah, thank you so much for bearing that stuff.
I was not aware of that.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
But stay here for a second.
Life all comes at a price.
We all pay a price for being ourselves and like, like,
you didn't, you didn't earn or deserve any of that,
but you're trying your best to like not pass that along.
And we, like clearly if you had a kid,
I think we can all agree that you would be a good mom.
Maybe the, maybe the exercise is to,
is to prove that with a,
Uh-oh.
A scene will do a radio play,
improvised radio play.
Oh, no.
And your role, don't worry.
You don't have to be like, like Johnny on the spot or anything.
We'll just, you can just say,
like you'll be the matriarch of a family and we'll,
and we'll just, uh,
We're the kids?
Well, we'll start with like,
yeah, well, we'll start with her.
Yes.
We'll, uh,
I'll be, I'll be your, I'll be your husband.
Uh, I'm assuming you,
when you, when you first see yourself having kids,
you first see yourself,
I don't want to heteronormatize you or anything.
Like, do you see yourself as like married to a dude that has a,
that you have a kid with them as like a nuclear situation
or is there some other fantasy in your head of like,
of family?
Just having kids.
Okay.
It doesn't need to be anything special.
Not with a big, okay.
But, okay.
So I'm being over cautious.
I just don't want to, like,
by the way, I'm a lesbian.
You totally offended me the whole time.
Uh, the, the, okay.
So I'll be your husband and then we'll,
we're, we're, we're at the hospital and we just,
um, we just had our first kid together and then we'll,
we'll do like an Avalon type thing where we,
we move through the ages and you and I will grow old together and die as our,
as our family, as our family kind of continues as they have a family of their own
and things and you and I will die of old age,
happy, assuming that that's part of the fantasy.
Cool.
Okay.
All right.
But right now we're 25.
Lauren's world.
Okay.
Hey baby, did it hurt?
No.
Oh good.
God, everyone says it hurts.
I, I, uh, they said they're going to bring the baby in.
Uh, I, I, thank you so much for doing this.
You're welcome.
Lauren, Dan, I'm, I'm Dr. Schwarzman.
I, uh, I have good news and bad news.
Uh, you have two babies.
One baby is a super special baby.
One baby kind of an asshole.
Well, they're both going to be special to us.
Isn't that right baby?
Yes, definitely.
Okay.
Well, let's bring them in.
Well, they look to me, they look the same.
I think it's great that we had two babies.
Mommy, daddy.
They're already speaking.
Whoa, that's crazy.
Also, sorry, sorry, Dr. Schwarzman again.
One of your, one of your babies can already speak English.
Well, you, you're stepping on the second baby's line.
Aw.
What's up you dipshiots?
Oh, oh, oh my God.
What a mislead.
It's the, the, the baby that could, okay.
Well, they,
Well, Dr. Schwarzman, I'm leaving you, you're on your own now.
Oh.
Okay.
All right.
Well, let's, let's get them home.
I'm assuming there's equipment and things you probably have to,
they probably take a credit card.
All right.
We'll take, we'll take the two special seats and,
and like the bungee cord and the two bottles, I guess,
and what diapers, throw some diapers in.
Who cares?
Anything's more comfortable than that pussy I just got out of.
You know what I just realized?
We haven't named them yet.
Cause I'm like, well, this one, oh my God, the mouth on him.
Call me, call me Tony.
Well, he took his own name.
He's so exceptional.
Oh my God.
And, name, name myself.
Fucking dumbass.
Hey, whoa, Tony.
Hey, sorry, sorry.
My name is baby angel.
Oh, baby angel.
I love both of you.
You're amazing.
One month later, baby, the, the babies are making noise.
It's my turn, right?
I'll go, I'll go, I guess I'll go see what's going on in the
baby's room.
I got a fucking log in my pants.
So me out.
I mean, it's, it's, it's so hard to stay mad at you, but like,
cause you're so, you're so above board about everything, but
how do you do an angel?
Tony tried to garret me with the mobile cord.
Tony, stay away from my past by a little bitch.
Stay on your side of the room.
You guys are sharing a crib.
You're just a month old.
Like, like, you're not supposed to be first of all talking,
second of all, garretting, third of all, understanding
possession.
We had, we had hoped to avoid that.
Like, it's like a runaway train.
Well, here, let me change your diaper.
Come here.
Come here, Tony.
Sorry, you know, it's, I'm excited too, by the way.
Jesus Christ.
Rock soft.
Daddy, why did you only circumcise one of us?
Well, daddy's Jewish and mom's Lutheran and you're our
little angel.
So we felt you were chosen.
And so we circumcised you.
Is that the answer you were looking for?
It's an answer.
Why are you asking the questions, buddy?
I'm the one who's going to do all this shmegma and so on.
Oh, shit.
It's three in the morning.
Hello.
Is Lauren there?
Uh, yeah.
This is, this is her mother.
Oh, okay.
Jesus Christ, okay.
Put me on speaker.
Well, I'm, I'm walking the phone to the master bedroom.
I never liked you.
I never liked you, Dan.
I've never cared.
But, uh, put my, put my daughter on the phone.
Lauren.
Yes.
It's your mom.
Oh, yeah.
I'm going to put, I'm going to put her on speaker.
Okay.
That's by her request.
Sorry, my phone's so wet.
Lauren, are you there?
Yes.
Mother's Day's cancel.
Click.
Why does she do that every year?
Cause she just does.
I mean,
All right.
Well, that didn't land.
Cancel for, for, for her.
Yeah.
Well, yeah.
All right.
Hello.
Oh shit.
Sorry.
I was calling somebody else.
Click.
I feel like she just wants attention.
I was like, I know it seems crazy, but I feel like she wants attention.
Like, like, like she's fucking like, this is what she does.
All right. I got the kids.
I left Tony's.
Tony took a huge shit.
Dick is gigantic and angels already asking questions about the circumcision.
Okay.
But, but get sleep.
Get sleep, baby.
Get some sleep.
Thank you.
All right.
What the hell?
This is Tony.
Go ahead.
What?
Yeah.
What do you need?
Okay.
Two pounds of Kilbasa.
Tony.
Are you running a small business?
I got myself a little deli.
Yeah.
Open it up.
Give me that.
Hey.
There's an internet now.
You know, who's fault?
You even get your own phone.
Hello.
Yeah.
Can I get an egg salad on right?
Two latkes and an egg cream.
You're calling him one month old.
Yeah.
But he has the best egg salad in town.
Also got a big dick.
You hate that.
You know what the secret is for the egg salad?
I use mom's eggs.
You're laughing so much while you're saying it.
It's hard to quite make it out.
You're saying you use mom's eggs.
That's what you said.
You use mom's eggs.
In 2020, you have eschewed internet culture and created a telephone-based deli and have
learned to harvest eggs in a month.
And you're laughing about it.
What's it do you, buddy?
Angel, you all right?
Have you shit your pants?
The doctor said one of us was special and one of us would be kind of an asshole.
And I'm starting to wonder, maybe Tony's the one who's special.
And maybe I'm the one who's kind of an asshole.
That's what special people always think.
You're going to be like me.
You're going to be a writer.
Hello?
Dr. Schwarzman here.
Angel Baby is the asshole.
We just got the test results.
Sorry, I got to go.
Oh shit, my sandwich is here.
Did you order a paola?
All right.
One year later at Disneyland.
All right, guys.
It looks like there's a Dumbo ride.
Hold onto them hands and glasses.
This here's the wildest ride in the wilderness.
Dumbo.
He's kind of westernized the Dumbo ride.
Ever since the Will Smith movie.
They changed the rides to fit the movie.
Main seated, please.
Feminist isn't others.
This is fucking boring.
Hey, Tony, what did I say in the parking lot?
I want to go see the baby from Roger Rabbit that's a lot like me.
You know the one I'm talking about.
Just be quiet.
And watch the show that we're in or the ride that we're on.
What are you going to say, Angel, you dumb asshole?
Tony told me that the real Splash Mountain is...
What happens to girls' pussies when he's around?
Tony, what are you?
A Comedy Central writer?
You're one year old.
Hey, he's going to learn it sooner or later, you know what I mean?
Lauren, can I see you for a moment?
Kids, stay here.
Eat your cotton candy.
Lauren, what if we left them?
What if we just left Tony?
You know, just imagine you and me and baby Angel.
Just Venice Beach.
You could get a trailer.
They'd be like, oscillating fans.
Tempting.
You're so dedicated.
Because you want to be a good mom.
You want to be a good father.
Yeah, I do.
But we couldn't have predicted this.
Life happens.
Thank you, you brought me strength.
Thank you.
Mommy, daddy.
Hey, Angel, I snuck away from Tony.
I have an idea.
Let's leave them in a hot monorail car.
Hey, what's going on over here?
Nothing, nothing.
Well, let's put a pin in that and let's all take the monorail to a different area of the park.
Yeah, let's go to the vault.
I want to see some of that anti-juice stuff that Disney loves.
You bet.
As long as the monorail takes us there.
Two tickets, please.
And two juniors.
Welcome to Anti-Semitic Town.
That's what I'm talking about.
I can't believe this exists.
All right.
Well, here we are.
Hey, oh, Tony.
Daddy left his iPad mini under a seat up there toward the front of the car.
About 90 yards from the door.
Oh, I got you.
Hold on a second.
Let me see here.
Come on.
Lauren, no.
There's no fucking iPad under here.
Monorail now leaving.
Doors locked.
Lauren!
All right.
Angel, run.
Run for the parking lot.
Your mom can raise Tony.
Run!
What?
Keys, keys, keys, keys!
God damn it, keys!
I only have baby keys.
Hold on.
Daddy's got to make a phone call.
Angel, get in the back.
Strap yourself in.
Okay.
Hello, 911?
What happened at Disneyland?
And my wife and my cat are on a monorail.
This sounds like a bad performance, sir.
Did you kill your wife and child?
No, they're alive.
Go find them.
God damn it.
The fuck.
I don't even know what else.
Angel, you and I...
Boo!
Shit.
Fuck.
Hey, let me out.
Do you know how fast you were going, sir?
Zero, I was parked in the...
We're in the Buzz Lightyear lot.
All right.
On you go.
Shit, I thought they were...
Okay, let's get out of here.
Let's get out of here.
Giraffe section.
What the hell?
We're gonna...
Boo!
Oh, god damn it.
Oh, fuck.
Do you know how fast you were going?
Like 12?
Correct.
On you go.
Listen, Angel, there are people and there are people, and people can't control to whom
they're born and who they're raised by, but you and I, like, we are simpatico, okay?
And I love your mother so fucking much, and I wish that she wasn't so dedicated to being
a good mother, because now she has to be with that turd for the rest of her life.
Cut to the Hot Monorail with Lauren and Tony.
Holy shit, it's fucking hot up in here.
But as well, climb back up, you have a voosh, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
That's a thing Italians say, right, mama?
Yeah, sure.
Oh, ma, we're gonna die, aren't we?
Hopefully not.
Hopefully we'll see your brother and your father again.
Oh, it's fucking over, I'm gonna stop tearing out my little baby hair, I guess.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's gonna be fine.
No.
Oh.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, CBS News.
A mother and a child are trapped in a Hot Monorail between Disney and downtown Disney.
The baby seems to be from New York for some reason.
Pretty salty.
Meanwhile, in the basement of the Pentagon, we close in on a hissing cryogenic chamber
until, as the camera reaches the latches, they pop open.
A familiar man leans forward, gasping for air.
Someone needs help.
It's Walt Disney.
Mr. Disney, we told you that you wouldn't wake up until the year 2038.
Well, that's where I second guessed you, see.
I designed my cryogenic chamber to also react to scenarios of peril at my own Disney world.
So are you aware that we have a Hot Monorail crisis going on?
Corporal, I can't hear you over the sound of me strapping on this jet pack.
Disney, away!
Can you read my mind?
I'm one person flying higher than I ever have.
Every star is a cup of water, every moon.
There's only one.
I will eat it like a cupcake.
I will also touch the sun.
Hello.
Walt Disney?
Yes.
Because why did you create Anti-Semitic Terror in Disneyland?
Oh, is that still going?
Yeah.
Oh, for crimony, jeez.
I'll take care of it.
Jarvis.
Yes, sir.
Take Target, The Monorail.
Right away.
Let's pop a hole in this can.
I'm snarky.
Walt Disney, it's me, your enemy, Notch Berry Farm.
I don't even know who you are.
Don't be a dick.
We got Monoism as revenge.
It's a pretty good perk.
I've heated up your Monorails to almost unbearable temperatures.
A mother and her son are about to die.
Well, I guess we just need a little help from our friends, like the frozen girl.
Make it real.
Make it alive.
I can't remember the song.
Let it go.
Make it go.
Make it real.
It's the copyright version.
Make it so.
Ah, now the whole Monorail is cold as a Jiminy Cricket.
Wait, we need someone to lasso that speeding Monorail.
Look, it's Woody from Toy Story.
You are a guy I know.
I got it.
That'll slow it down to a crawl and eventually a stop.
We can get that baby and that mommy out of there.
And to help, if only there were just a couple of fish from Pixar's fish movie.
Fish.
We're here.
You are a, we got a special situation.
I was so racing to the point of Randy Newman's songs are the same.
I couldn't fucking, I couldn't obey the rules of improv.
I was like, no, I get it.
A mine.
I will eat.
When we get there, Randy's mine.
Walter, are you okay?
No, sorry, sorry guys.
Now could y'all just give me a moment while I go down into the Monorail car and see to these two.
I've always had a special place for dissatisfied customers.
Holy shit, fucking Walt himself.
What's going on?
Well, aren't you an articulate little man?
I pulled all my hair out.
I look like Tony Soprano.
It's a good thing.
It's good.
I'm happy about it.
Young lady, is this your son?
Yes.
I'm awful sorry you had a bad time at Disneyland.
Can I just say that you should make it so you can just stop the Monorails.
You know what I mean?
He also said you should make it so anti-Semitic town doesn't happen.
I can't control everything.
Oh, fucks.
You need some of that stuff.
You know what I mean?
You can't problemize everything.
Sometimes the tail wags the dog.
Speaking of which, what if I were to say to you, young man, that I had a special island
where aggressive boys like you who maybe don't fit in as much when held to the standard of humanity
can be more adorable when surgically augmented to be half-animal?
There ain't Jewish guys over there or no?
Sure.
Dr. Moreau has changed his name to work in Chopin's surgery.
You know what I mean, no matter what, take me to that fucking island, Walt.
Ma'am, what if I were to tell you that the best thing you could do for this child was to let him go to a special island
where he'd be mutilated surgically?
Rejoin your husband with the good child.
Live out your days.
But I love him.
What is love, really?
If it's unconditional, then can't you just love a fire hydrant?
True.
Isn't all love somehow conditional?
Aren't we, therefore, somehow accountable to whether or not we are loved?
Aren't the people that get that the ones that become truly creative in an endless quest to make things,
whether they be bad movies or giant theme parks and just always just trying to get people to love us that didn't love us very much?
I think if this child were to have floppy ears like grafted to the side of his head,
fed spam from a stainless steel bowl and regularly whipped with a crazy Jedi electric whip so it didn't feel as violent
because it's like sci-fi violence.
I told you I'm fucking in already.
You're waiting for my fucking balls to drop over here, let's go.
I just want to make sure the young lady's okay with it.
I don't know if that's what he wants.
I'm Italian, I'm part of Animal Anyways, let me go.
That is true.
So racist.
But so are animals.
And we love them.
Disney, yay, yay, yay!
Walt Disney turned into a rocket and took the baby Tony to a special island where he was never seen again.
Lauren returned to giraffe parking where Dan and baby Angel were still unable to figure out how to get out.
Oh shit, it's your mother.
Play it cool.
Hey baby.
Hey.
Hi mama.
Hi.
You're gonna pull the car around.
Sure, you are.
You know I left you for dead in a hot monorail.
I guess for all our effort, we're just all a big pile of whatever happened to us.
Sure.
Tony's gone.
I noticed, I noticed.
Are you stoked?
I let him be what he wanted to be.
Nice.
Dead or just missing?
Apparently he's going to an island.
He's gonna be a half animal.
I love it.
But what of his thriving deli business?
Who's gonna answer that?
I don't know.
That's his phone.
Hello?
I ordered a pastrami like a fucking four days ago.
Where's my goddamn sandwich?
Well, well, you reached a baby click.
Now that's a mother's day.
Yay.
You're the best there is.
Mother was the best.
Top on the top for the mother's day.
Panavision.
That was good.
I think we got to the...
Let's thank Lauren, everybody.
Lauren.
Thank you, Lauren, for sharing your pain.
We fucking did it.
We solved mother's day.
We fixed mother's day.
Right?
Didn't we?
Yeah.
No.
I mean, were you traveling?
I think we made it worse, didn't we?
You're lonelier now than you were when you came up.
No.
I love this place.
Here's what the dough boys are.
Here's some shitty advice from us.
Tomorrow can be your mother's day.
Bring her over some dinner or something
and you can patch it all up tomorrow, if you'd like.
What are you planning?
The holiday doesn't matter and bring her something to eat
and you guys will work it out, right?
She seems like the type of mom that'll be like,
is this a secret mother's day?
Yeah, she is.
So cut you off of the pass.
That's true.
Yeah, not everything can be solved by food, I guess.
But your podcast can.
The dough boys is on every Wednesday at 3 p.m.
You don't have a time slot.
Thank you so much, Lauren.
Is there anything else we don't want you to be voicelessly
railroaded by our mirth?
Anything else to...
I don't know.
I'm bad at it.
My mom?
I don't know.
My mom doesn't listen to this.
Do you love your mom?
I love my mom.
You must.
I love my stepmom.
I love my other moms that I consider mothers to me.
My best friend's mother.
I love her.
Live with her now.
Who are all those mothers?
Woo!
All right.
Props to all those mothers.
Thank you, Lauren.
Thank you.
You can...
Thank you, Lauren.
So she does have a lot of moms.
So her mom is, like, getting boxed out.
That's what we learned right at the end.
I was like...
Not really, though.
What's the...
That's not the most healthy way of thinking, right?
Oh, okay.
Well, it's...
That's true, though.
It's true.
Captain Elf.
Foster Brooks' name.
That is not the most healthy way to think about it.
Or the most healthy way to say what you said.
Because it sounds like you've...
Okay, never mind.
All right.
No, no, no.
I wasn't going to...
Now, Dan, will you call mom or no?
Only a text.
I texted her.
For God's sake, we like it that way.
That's it?
We got it.
She wouldn't like a call better than a text?
Oh, fart on you.
I texted her.
What did she say?
Did she text you back?
Yeah.
What did she say?
She said, uh...
I don't know.
She...
Great.
If I read her text, then it'll be...
Wouldn't that just make the problem worse?
I kind of feel like...
I don't know why my parents didn't come to my wedding.
Like, I kind of feel like maybe it was because maybe they didn't want to...
Maybe part of the whole thing of me talking about my life and stuff maybe is off-putting to them.
So, I don't want to read my mom's text for fodder.
Because on the off chance that that is the thing, I don't want to...
Was she happy to hear from you?
It's a text, man.
She was like...
I think you should bring her a meal tomorrow.
Is that something from Olive Garden or...
Chuck E. Chains?
From Tony's Deli.
All right.
Well, what have you learned this whole time, Spencer?
Come on, man.
Why do you give me all the hard questions?
End of my show!
Yeah, exactly.
No, I'm not going to.
I'll sit here.
All right, well, then I'll go back to the dregs of the fucking shitty note app.
Because we don't have an ending.
My chiropractor is a piece of shit, but he's really nice.
Nobody came tonight because of Mother's Day.
How's your back?
My back's great.
Look at me.
I'm doing high kicks.
Is it better?
It's great.
Oh, Seek is here, but, you know, I can't bring him up now because Seek's doing well.
Yeah, he's doing better.
Awesome.
But let's problematize that.
Who says Seek's doing better?
He does.
Yeah.
Who's he talking to?
Us.
Yeah.
And why is he doing that?
Because he cares about himself and us.
Exactly.
Racist.
And us.
All right.
Tap Titans, tap Galaxy, and tap Tycoon.
Check them out.
All right, that's it.
Do you want to do a little song?
Yeah, but not a rap.
Is there anything that's not a rap, like just a song?
Like family?
I think, yeah.
You want to do a little song?
What do you want it to be about?
What we've learned.
Okay.
We'll do it.
Now, let's take a moment.
And what if I had said potatoes?
Would you have played something else?
I want it to be about potatoes.
That seems like a rap.
Okay, but that doesn't have to be.
All right, I won't.
Yeah.
That's it.
There we go.
Yeah.
This is called What Have We Learn by Dan Harmon and the Joe Boys.
What have we learned?
All right.
Yeah.
I feel like it's so...
You got it?
What have we learned?
We learned.
That you got to forgive your mama.
Forgive that mama.
What have we learned?
All right, this isn't working.
All right.
Okay.
Yeah.
Here we go.
Slow it down.
Yeah.
It's better be good.
Keep it tight.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
Gonna rip up your body.
Sorry about that.
From the break of dawn to the avenue,
till the street comes through and keeps going through,
through the Lincoln Tunnel to the top of the tower.
Gonna lay your body down hour after hour.
Gonna go to Second Street in Lincoln Park.
Gonna fuck your body till the day gets dark.
Gonna put my penis inside of you.
And when I'm done with it, you'll think I'm through,
because I'll declare it.
I'll say I'm all done and you'll say,
oh, I think we won because you've got that spirit.
You're a team player.
I fucked your mama like I was a dragon slayer.
Doe boys.
This song goes out to all the mums out there.
And all the dads too.
Doe boys.
We like what you do to create us.
Whether it's your pussy or your cum.
Mix them all up, daddy shooting to mommy's little sleet.
And the baby comes out nine months later.
And then we praise you on one day in May.
But don't forget about that day in June.
We gotta celebrate dad is two.
Forget grads.
They get too much shit.
Oh yeah, dad is.
That, that is it.
So mama, get down on your knees.
Sit down.
Daddy fly.
Do what you please.
Yeah.
I'm talking.
My father's day blow job.
Give it daddy.
Mother's day.
If you love your kids, you're gonna suck your dad.
Our dad's dick.
Family.
Family is what's important.
That's a takeaway.
Family.
Family till the end of the day.
Got a family.
That's how much everybody.
Thank you for coming.
So for the Joe boys.
Nick and Mitch.
Spencer Crittenden and Lauren.
Thank you for coming up and joining us.
I'm Jeff Davis.
I'm here for your mayor.
Dan Harmon everybody.
Drive fast.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.